[processor/logdeduplicationprocessor] Add logdedupprocessor (#34465)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/logdeduplicationprocessor/README.md

    - `log_count`: The count of logs that were deduplicated over the interval. The name of the attribute is configurable via the `log_count_attribute` parameter.
    - `first_observed_timestamp`: The timestamp of the first log that was observed during the aggregation interval.
    - `last_observed_timestamp`: The timestamp of the last log that was observed during the aggregation interval.

**Note**: The `ObservedTimestamp` and `Timestamp` of the emitted log will be the time that the aggregated log was emitted and will not be the same as the `ObservedTimestamp` and `Timestamp` of the original logs.

## Configuration
| Field        | Type     | Default | Description |
| ---          | ---      | ---     | ---         |
| interval     | duration | `10s`    | The interval at which logs are aggregated. The counter will reset after each interval. |
| log_count_attribute     | string | `log_count`    | The name of the count attribute of deduplicated logs that will be added to the emitted aggregated log. |

> | timezone     | string | `UTC`    | The timezone of the `first_observed_timestamp` and `last_observed_timestamp` timestamps on the emitted aggregated log. Valid values listed [here](./timezone.md) |

Reviewer: For removing timezone.md, I think we could replace the link like this:
```suggestion
| timezone     | string | `UTC`    | The timezone of the `first_observed_timestamp` and `last_observed_timestamp` timestamps on the emitted aggregated log. The available locations depend on the local IANA Time Zone database. [This page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) contains many examples, such as `America/New_York`.  |
```

The description is adapted from the stanza docs for a similar field: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/stanza/docs/types/timestamp.md
